The subdirectories within contrib are typically plugins that can be used
with DMTCP.  They are written either by DMTCP deelopers or by third
parties, but they are intended to be optional components.  They will
not be loaded into DMTCP by default, but will typically require
the --with-plugins flag of dmtcp_checkpoint.

The documentation within each subdirectory has the details of how to use
it.  Unless stated otherwise, many of the plugins are still experimental.
Please report bugs back to the author and to dmtcp@ccs.neu.edu .
An overview is given here:

condor:  Describes how to integrate DMTCP checkpointing with the Condor
	system for high throughput computing.  The same information can be
	found at:
	http://dmtcp.sourceforge.net/condor.html
	This is the work of Samaneh Kazemi, as well as the Condor team.
	Please report bugs to dmtcp@ccs.neu.edu as well as to samaneh
	using her account at ccs.neu.edu.

infiniband:  Support for checkpointing applications over InfiniBand.
	By default, DMTCP provides checkpoint-restart for TCP (socket-based
	networks).  This plugin extends that support to InfiniBand.
	It is the work of Jiajun Cao et al.
	Please report bugs to dmtcp-forum@ccs.neu.edu as well as to
	jiajun using his account at ccs.neu.edu.

kvm:  Support for checkpointing Qemu virtual machine under KVM.  Note
	that DMTCP can already checkpoint user-space Qemu without the
	use of any additional plugins.  This work is reported on in
	"Checkpoint-Restart for a Network of Virtual Machines"
	at IEEE Cluster-2013, by Rohan Garg et al.
	Please report bugs to dmtcp-forum@ccs.neu.edu as well as to
	rohgarg using his account at ccs.neu.edu.

tun:  Suport for the Tun network (part of Tun/Tap in the Linux kernel).
	Currently, this is primarily useful for checkpointing a network
	of KVM-based virtual machines.  It may be useful in other
	Tun-based applications.  Details are reported on in the same
	article as for the kvm plugin.
	Please report bugs to dmtcp-forum@ccs.neu.edu as well as to
	rohgarg using his account at ccs.neu.edu.

python:  Supprt for a Python module, dmtcp.py.  This integrates DMTCP
	into Python (and IPython) so that DMTCP may be invoked directly
	from Python.  This work was reported on at SciPy-2013 in
	"DMTCP: Bringing Checkpoint-Restart to Python" by Kapil Arya et al.
	The abstract and video are at:
        http://conference.scipy.org/scipy2013/presentation_detail.php?id=201
	Please report bugs to dmtcp-forum@ccs.neu.edu as well as to
	kapil using his account at ccs.neu.edu.

rm (Resource Manager):  Support for using DMTCP with batch queue systems.
	Currently TORQUE and SLURM are supported. Support for SGE and LSF is planned
	in near future. It is the work of Artem Polyakov.
	Please report bugs to dmtcp-forum@ccs.neu.edu as well as to
	artem84 using his gmail account
